update references to qiskit code assistant model (#4165)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/qiskit-code-assistant.mdx

## The Large Language Model (LLM) behind Qiskit Code Assistant

To provide code suggestions, Qiskit Code Assistant uses a Large Language Model (LLM). In this case, Qiskit Code Assistant currently relies on the model `mistral-small-3.2-24b-qiskit`, built on the [Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Qiskit model.](https://huggingface.co/Qiskit/mistral-small-3.2-24b-qiskit) The `mistral-small-3.2-24b-qiskit` model improves the `Mistral-Small-3.2-24B-Instruct-2506` model's code generation capabilities for Qiskit through extended pretraining and fine-tuning it on high-quality Qiskit data, as well as Python commits and chat. For more information about the Mistral AI models family, refer to [Mistral AI documentation.](https://docs.mistral.ai/getting-started/models) For more details about the `.*-qiskit` models, see [Qiskit Code Assistant: Training LLMs for generating Quantum Computing Code.](https://arxiv.org/abs/2405.19495)

Our LLMs specialized for Qiskit are available also as open-source models. Check all the models available at https://huggingface.co/Qiskit.

## The Qiskit HumanEval benchmark

> To test the `mistral-small-3.2-24b-qiskit` model, we created, in collaboration with Qiskit Advocates and experts, and ran the execution-based benchmark called Qiskit HumanEval (QHE). This benchmark is similar to [HumanEval](https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.03374), including multiple challenging code problems to solve, all based on the official Qiskit libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the `mistral-small-3.2-24b-qiskit` model, we collaborated with Qiskit Advocates and experts to create the execution-based benchmark called Qiskit HumanEval (QHE), and ran it on the model. This benchmark is similar to [HumanEval](https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.03374), including multiple challenging code problems to solve, all based on the official Qiskit libraries.
```
